Industrial Placement Software Engineer
Aerospace, Computing, Electronic, Physics, Software.

£25,000
Southampton (Hybrid)
2:2 and above (expected)
Placement / Internship
12 months
Deadline: Ongoing
Preferred Disciplines...
Aeronautics, Aerospace, Computer Science, Electrical, Electronic, Maths, Mechanical, Physics, Software, Systems
Also Accepting...
Aerodynamics, Avionics, Control & Instrumentation, Hardware, Information Technology, Mechatronics, Web Development
Application Notes
Save notes
Job Description
Job Description:

At Leonardo we value individuals who continuously demonstrate a dedication to their personal development, and successful completion of an Industrial Placement with Leonardo can lead to an offer on our Graduate Development Programme.  

We are looking for highly motivated individuals who are willing to take on a challenge to fill our industrial placement roles, and we will demand a high degree of customer focus and work performance from you in order to meet our operational challenges.

The Opportunity
Leonardo’s Industrial Placement programme offers a paid placement (£25,000) to develop your knowledge and skills you require to become an engineering or business professional of the future.

On our programme, you will engage with challenging and exciting project work, and deliver innovative business or technical solutions as part of a team of subject matter experts. Throughout the programme, you will receive coaching and support from your team to achieve your objectives as well as your personal development goals.

You will gain a wide array of experience on your placement that you can apply to your academic studies and future career. There may be the possibility to continue to collaborate with Leonardo during your final year(s).

At Leonardo we value individuals who continuously demonstrate a dedication to their personal development, and successful completion of an Industrial Placement with Leonardo can lead to an offer on our Graduate Development Programme.

We are looking for highly motivated individuals who are willing to take on a challenge to fill our industrial placement roles, and we will demand a high degree of customer focus and work performance from you in order to meet our operational challenges. If you are willing able to commit to giving your best performance, you will find Leonardo a very rewarding place to work!

What you will do as an Industrial Placement Software Engineer:
You can look forward to working with highly skilled professionals who are passionate about their work of designing and developing cutting edge technology for a worldwide market.

You will report to an experienced Software Engineer who will provide day to day guidance and on-the-job training. You will be introduced to the software development processes and utilise state-of-the-art methods, technology and tools. You will also gain experience on one or more aspects of the software development lifecycle, which could include: applied research, requirements analysis, design, implementation, integration, and test

Particular emphasis will be placed on learning practical skills that may not be easily gained or experienced in the academic environment of a university.

What we are looking for
This is an exciting and challenging Software Engineering opportunity for students currently studying a science based degree e.g. Software Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, Mathematics or Electronic Engineering (BSc (Hon) / BEng (Hon) / MEng.) You are expected to have an appropriate gap in studies.

You will have some experience of computer programming and be enthusiastic and passionate about designing software and writing code. Experience of an object-oriented programming language such as C++ and knowledge of UML (Unified Modelling Language) is an advantage but not essential.

A full statement of courses and projects studied at university and corresponding grades/marks/percentage should be included in your CV.

Applications are also welcomed from candidates who have completed a first degree and are looking to gain industrial experience prior to commencing a relevant higher degree (i.e. PhD, MSc).

Skills, Qualifications & Knowledge Required
All of our Industrial Placement roles require you to be currently studying a relevant degree discipline such as Physics, Mathematics, Engineering, or other STEM subject degrees.

We would be interested if you were undertaking  Software Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, Mathematics or Electronic Engineering (BSc (Hon) / BEng (Hon) / MEng.) You are expected to have an appropriate gap in studies.

You will have some experience of computer programming
Be enthusiastic and passionate about designing software and writing code
Have some experience of an object-oriented programming language such as Java, C++, C# or JavaScript and knowledge of UML (Unified Modelling Language) is an advantage but not essential
A full statement of courses and projects studied at university and corresponding grades/marks/percentage should be included in your CV
Applications are also welcomed from candidates who have completed a first degree and are looking to gain industrial experience prior to commencing a relevant higher degree (i.e. PhD, MSc)
Please note that in order to apply for this opportunity you must be eligible for UK Security Clearance. Normally this is to the level of Security Check (typically known as “SC”) for our business which includes having a minimum of five years permanent residency in the UK.

Life at Leonardo
With a company funded benefits package, a commitment to learning and development, and a flexible approach to working hours focused on the needs of both our employees and customers, a career with Leonardo has never offered as many opportunities or been more accessible to as many people

Flexible Working: Flexible hours with possibility of some hybrid working.
Company funded flexible benefits: Access to private healthcare, dental schemes, Workplace ISA, Go Green Car Scheme, technology and lifestyle options (£500 annual allowance)
Holidays: 25 days plus bank holidays, option to buy/sell leave and to accrue up to 12 additional flexi leave days per year
Pension: Award winning pension scheme (up to 15% employer contribution)
Wellbeing: Employee Assistance Programme with access to free mental health support, financial wellbeing support and network groups to demonstrate our ongoing commitment to diversity & inclusion (Enable, Pride, Equalise, Reservists, Carers)
Lifestyle:  Discounted Gym membership, Cycle to work scheme
Training: Free access to more than 4000 online courses via Coursera
Referral Incentive: You can earn a reward for successfully referring a friend or family member
At Leonardo, we are strongly committed to supporting all our people, and, as society and the environment we work in changes, our approach to Inclusion and Diversity continues to evolve and adapt to reflect this. A culture of inclusion goes on to create an environment for greater collaboration, innovation and opportunities to develop as an organisation. If you are willing and able to commit to giving your best performance, you will find Leonardo a very rewarding place to work!